feat: Rename dummy metrics receiver to dummy receiver (#58)
kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components: receiver/dummyreceiver/README.md

# Dummy Receiver

| Status      |                            |
|-------------|----------------------------|
| stability   | alpha: metrics             |
| Code Owners | kyma-project/observability |

> Dummy Metrics Receiver is an OTel Collector receiver that generates dummy telemetry data. At the moment it only supports metrics. It is useful when you want to test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dummy Receiver is an OTel Collector receiver that generates dummy telemetry data. At the moment it only supports metrics. It is useful for testing
```

the OTel Collector pipeline.

## How It Works

It generates dummy metrics and sends them to the OTel Collector pipeline.

## Configuration

Below is an example of the configuration:

```yaml
receivers:
  dummy:
    interval: 2s

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also list the resulting metric names with the metric type, and what resource attributes and metric attributes they will have. For someone new, it will be nice to directly see what to expect. And indicate if there are dynamic values or if it is all constant.

Reviewer 3: @hisarbalik Can we use the same mechanism that you used for `kymastatsreceiver` here?

Author: i added metrics information to the metadata.yaml and linked it in the readme

# Dummy Receiver

| Status      |                            |
|-------------|----------------------------|
| stability   | alpha: metrics             |
| Code Owners | kyma-project/observability |

> Dummy Receiver is an OTel Collector receiver that generates dummy telemetry data. At the moment it only supports metrics. It is useful for testing

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Dummy Receiver is an OTel Collector receiver that generates dummy telemetry data. At the moment, it only supports metrics. It is useful for testing the OTel Collector pipeline.
```

> the OTel Collector pipeline.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

## How It Works

> It generates dummy metrics and sends them to the OTel Collector pipeline.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Dummy Receiver generates dummy metrics and sends them to the OTel Collector pipeline.
```

> For generated metrics see [documentation.md](documentation.md) file.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For the generated metrics, see [documentation.md](documentation.md).
```

## Configuration

> Below is an example of the configuration:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the following example configuration:
```

Do we expect the reader to do something with the configuration, or just admire it?

Author: admire would be nice :D
